The whole world is looking at Phoenix this weekend, and our starting weekend off 
right together. I think that there may be two of you in this auditorium tonight 
who came to watch Titanic, and ya have no clue why this guy keeps on grabbing 
the microphone and interrupting the movie, but for the rest of you, I'm just 
guessing maybe, by any chance, are you apes? (audience shouting) (inaudible)
By the way, I (giberish) these seats were all bought, but the people like one
row behind you aren't here so you might be able to move back one to get a better 
view. Not yet. Let's wait and see what happens. 

Alright, um, folks. The last 3 years have been the craziest 3 years of our 
lives. I wan' ya to take take you back (touches head implies lying) to December 
of 2019. I don't wanna say that anybody in this room, or that AMC, was fat, dumb
and happy, but we were fat, dumb and happy. How oblivious were we to how our
lives were gonna change? In a couple of months. (touches face again, lying) Um.
I remember in February of 23. We got our first order from the City Fathers of
Milan in Italy to close half a dozen theaters. That was February 23. And we 
had uh 1000 theaters at AMC; just under it, an' I thought, "Ahh well, that's no
big deal. I mean we're closin'." Remember we heard about Covid, sort of start... 
it was called the Coronavirus. And we sort of heard about it in January of
23. But it was in China, an it didn't look like it was leavin China. February
it jumped to Italy. It suddenly went from China to Italy, and took it with...
um... and even in February of 23 I remember thinking, um, "OK it's 6 theaters
not 1000, it's not the end of the world." 3 weeks later... 3 weeks later AMC had 
to shut all 1000 of our theaters... (very loud noise; inaudible) ...that we had 
in the entire world. In 3 weeks, and we went from a company that had 5 and a 
half billion dollars a year of revenue, very reliable, good times bad times. 5.4
billion, no problem. 800 million dropped on the bottom line, every year, no
problem. In a week, in a week, we went to having no revenue, at all. None. In a
week. And we had shh... we still had bills, and we still had 30,000 employees,
and we owed rent, on all the leases at 1000 theaters in a dozen countries,
and on and on and on, and it became very clear... as as strong as our company
was were duh... we were we still are the biggest movie theater chain in the 
world, we were gonna run out of cash in 90-days an' I'm like, "amazing," and we
scrambled, and we raised a lot of money in April of 2020 we raised 500 million
dollars, and that bought us a few months, and then in July we raised another 
300 million dollars that bought us a few more months, and in December we been 
raising money, raising money, raising money, staying alive... beating the 
sheriff by a day (ya know an'...)  ...uhh and everybody thought duh movie 
theaters were gonna come roaring back, but it didn't, and by December 2020 my 
CFO and I (who's a he's a very talented guy) CFO is chief financial officer... 
(touches face) we realized that (we're ehh...) we kept on raising 2 300 million 
dollars it wasn't enough. So we announced with some bravodo that we were gonna 
raise 700 'n' 50 million dollars... was gonna buy us... all the way t'uhh... 
March or April or May or something... um and if we didn't we might have to throw
in the towel, but we didn't raise 700 and 50 million dollars. (touches face)
We raised a billion 2... in 5 weeks. And then you arrived. b'cause we put out a 
press release on a Monday morning, in late January of 2021, sayin' we raised 
1 point 2 billion dollars, and bankruptcy's off the table, and we've made it. 
And literally the next day... retail investors descended on AMC, an' the stock 
went from 2 dollars a share, where it was in early January, to 10 which is 5 
times, an' it wen' t'uhh 20, which was 10 times, and then 30, and 40, and 50, 
and 60, and a lot of you, and your uhh fellow apes descended on AMC, and you 
decided that single-handedly you were gonna save this company, and you were 
gonna save movie going in America. 

Let me tell ya' how important movie goin' in America is. People in this country
have been going to movies for a century... a century. It's... other than
going da an 'E' go out and eat a meal at a restaurant it is the second most 
popular thing to do out of home in the United States. In 2019, the movie 
industry total, not just AMC, sold a billion movie tickets. That's 3 times a 
year for every man, woman, child, and baby in the United States. Tha' 's a lot 
of tickets. Ya' wanna 'n 'uhh 'ow r'any tickets that is? We're here, by... duh 
in Phoenix, a lot of people, this weekend to see the Superbowl. If you take the
attendence of every NFL team, every team, all season long, all the games, and 
you add that to the attendence of every NBA game, every team in the league, all
season long, and every team in the NHL, and major league soccer, and even throw
in the hundred 'n' 62 games that every baseball team plays in the United States,
and in in and in the amount they... you take all of that... all those tickets...
all those teams, all those cities, all those leagues... movie theaters sold 7
times that number of tickets, in 2019. So, (audience cheering) and... and... 
like, people like goin' to theaters, an' we kept reading in the press... um...
25 year old... dur journalists saying, "Aaaa, movie theaters were an 
anachronism no one want s t'go ta theaters. Well... wha... guess what the 
pandemic caused. When all of us were in prison in our houses or apartments for
months on end. Like, your house is really nice, but you wanna get out of it, 
and one of the things people do when they get out of the house is they go to a 
theater, they sit in these nice cushy seats, they get entertained, they get 
amused, they get to escape their daily lives... movie going has been a big thing
in this country for a 100 years, and what our retail investers decided is that 
you were gonna be damned if Wallstreet was gonna take us down, and you (audience
cheering) you invest a lot of money, hard earned money, and... putting it our 
direction, and saying, "keep AMC strong," and that's exactly what we've been 
doing for almost 3 years now as we try to get past this horrible pandemic. 
Which, admittedly has hit the movie theater industry very hard. Because we know
what we are doing at AMC, and because we have your support... at the end of the 
third quarter of 2022, September 30, (we haven't announced the December 31 
results yet, we do that in a couple of weeks,) AMC had around 900 million 
dollars of cash, the bank, or undrawn revolvin' credit line. Contrast that with
the number 2 player in the industry. Which is Regal here in the United States,
an' Cineworld in Europe. (audience comment) They ran out of cash... (responding
to audience) well ya've heard of Regal right? (audience) (inaudible...)
...you've heard of Regal. They ran out of money in September. They went to 
bankruptcy court. We had 900 million dollars in the bank. They had 4 million
dollars in the bank. You can't run a company this big... with 4 million dollars.
You'll run out of cash quicker than like 72 hours. And (touches face) while
others in our industry failed... AMC was strong. (audience) Choke on that. 
(audience cheering) Choke on that. I agree. I agree. Uhh. We did it because the 
management team at AMC knows what we're doin', and we did it because we have 
your support. So I'd like to ask you to do me a favor... take your right hand 
(I'm not gonna ask ya' to like a pledge or anything.) Take your right hand... 
put it behind your head... pat yourself on the back 'cause I'm tellin' ya' folks 
you saved AMC.(audience cheering) (inaudible) 

Dur... We have a proposal right now... that will be voted on by our 
shareholders... to put together the so-called APE common uh uh the AMC common 
shares (touches face) and the APE preferred units. I just cannot 
strat-duh-die-votes on March 14th. You're all gonna get mailed proxy materials 
in the next couple of days. I just can't tell you how important it is that you 
vote yes... in this election, and you tell your friends if they are AMC 
shareholders to vote yes, and I am gonna explain why. Back in the summer the 
only reason the only reason we're here today is 'cause we were able to raise 
a lot of money. We were able to out last this pandemic, and we tried in the 
summer of 2021 to raise a lot more money, and I urged shareholders to vote yes
back then you may recall. If we would have sold a hundred and 25 million shares
in the summer of 2021, to the general public, we would have raised 5 billion 
dollars of cash, and AMC would be totally debt free today, and every short 
seller would be dead. (audience cheering) Instead, though, we couldn't get the 
vote (touches head,) and we did other things, and we're still here... we still
have plenty of money, but we still have 5 billion dollars of debt, and if we 
tried to sss... sell 100 and 25 million shares now, 60 million APEs and 60
million AMC common, we wouldn't raise 5 billion dollars. We wouldn't even raise
500 million dollars. And it's a very different company because we didn't raise 
5 billion dollars in the summer of 2021. uhh Having said that, if you vote when
we announced this plan to put the APEs and the AMC common shares back 
together... the APEs were trading on the open market, decided by market forces,
whether you think the market forces are fair or unfair, the market is the 
market. APEs were selling for 69 cents on December 21, the day before we
announced the split. Those APEs have almost quadrupled in value in a month and 
a half. Quadrupled in value, because the plan to put the APE preferred units,
and the AMC common shares back together. But let me tell ya', if we vote yes we
will be able to raise a lot more money, and give up far fewer shares to do it,
but if our shareholders vote no what goes up can go down. Those APEs were 
selling for 70 cents... a month ago, and they were trading at 2.40 today or
something, but they could go back down to 70 cents in a day if the shareholders
vote the wrong way, and I don't want that to happen to you. I want your AMC
shares, and your APE units... to be worth more money not less money, and I wanna
be able to raise money for AMC so we out last this pandemic, and do it at 2 or 
3 dollars per share. Not at 40 cents, or 50 cents, or 60 cents a share. Look,
'e 'ad t'uhh give out 4 or 5 times as many shares to raise the same amount of
cash. So, that's the plea. We should as a company, as a community... we 
should've sold shares the summer of 2021, but we couldn't get the shareholders 
to say yes. We're trying again. We really need you to vote yes. Um, and if you
do vote yes (touches head) what do I think is going to happen? 

I don't know... if you know why... AMC shares have fallen so much in the last 
year, but there are a lot of reasons. One reason is just 2022 was the worst year 
for stocks, generally, not at AMC, not a movie theater, all stocks. It was the 
worst year for stocks in this country in 15 years. Why? 'cause interest rates 
are soaring, inflation is soaring, there's the war in Ukraine, energy prices 
are up, peoples mood is sour. Like, it's not a good, but that's one reason, but 
theres a second reason. The movie theater industry has recovered very slowly 
from Covid, and I'm gonna run some numbers by ya' real quick. The the basic size
of the movie theater industry is denomiated by something called the domestic 
box office. The domestic box office is all ticket sales, all theaters, all 
brands in the United States, and Canada. There's sort'a 2 numbers that everybody
follows in the movie business: the domestic box office, and the global box 
office. Domestic is US and Canada, global is ever' where e'r. For 11 years in a
row, from 2009 to 2019, the box office was larger, the domestic box office, was
larger than 10 billion dollars. The last 5 years of those 11, from 2015 to 2019,
the domestic box office was more than 11 billion dollars. Pretty stable, and 
growin'. What happened when Covid hit? The box office fell, in from 2019 11.4
billion, 2019 being the last full year before the pandemic, t'a 2 billion. 11 
and a half billion to 2 billion, in a year. The next year, 2021, it was 4 and a
half billion. That's up. That's more than double. That's good. It's a lot less 
than 11 billion. The year that was just completed, 2022, again it grew... t'a
7.4 billion. It's a lot more than 4 point 5. It's a lot more than 2 point 'O',
but if ya' go back to the summ-I-did-guh be'uh pandemic 7 and a half billion is
still a lot less than 11 and a half billion, and so the recovery of the movie
theater industry has been slow. Now, back in 2020, people might not have been 
goin' to theaters because they were afraid t'uhh... be with people. But look at
you all we're not wearing masks anymore. Like, we might elbow bump 'n' fist bump 
a little more than we shake hands, but like you're here together. You're not 
scared. A... you're not gonna catch Covid in this room. There's been an uhh 
immunity that's developed across the country. Herd immunity it's called. Plus, 
a lot of you are vaccinated, and there are drugs now where if you get Covid, 
called Paxlaviv... you can take a pill, but it'll I uhhh it it's tastes awful 
this pill... terrible t'a anyone who has ever taken it. But, like, it knocks out
Covid in 12 hours. In 2020, Covid might have been a death sentence. Now it's 
just like a bad cold or a small flu. Very, very different. Uhh, but so like ages
ago you guys might have been afriad to go to theaters. Not now. People are 
goin' to theaters. How do I know? Anybody see a movie called Top Gun Maverik?
(audience cheering) It sold a billion and a half dollars in tickets in movie
theaters. Anybody here go to a movie call Avatar the way of Water? It sold,
in less than 2 months, 2.1 billion dollars in movie theaters. (audience 
shouting)People are going to theaters to see movies. As we all are tonight, 
(touches face) but... here's the dirty little secret (not so secret) (mumbling;
inaudible) If you look at the number of movies that major Hollywood studios
released... in 2019 it was around 120 movies or so. You know how many you know 
how many they released in 2022? 72. It's way down. Our problem isn't that people
are afraid to go to theaters or that it's not safe to go to theaters. Our 
problem is just there are fewer movies being released, but let's look ahead 
let's not look back. In 2023, the number of major movies that are gonna be 
released by major studios should be right around 100. That's a 35% jump above
72 movies that the industry released in 2022. So when you look at the box office
in 2023 it's gonna be bigger than it was in 2022, and we (we've got a pretty 
good insight on this) we know what movies are coming in 2024, and there should
be more movies coming out in 24 than there will be in 2023. So when you look at
the movie theater industry... it's true that Covid knocked us on onto our knees
in 2020, and it's probably gonna be a 5-year climb to get out of it; to get back
to where we once were, but... 21 was better than 20, 22 was better than 21, 23's
gonna be better than 22, 24's gonna be better than 2023, and so when I looked 
ahead I think the times are bright for movie theaters generally, and for AMC
individually, but we've got a debt there. We've got to out last it, and here's
how you out last it: you put money in the bank to out last it, and a lot of you
on Twitter, and other places keep on thinking how do you crush short sellers.
I'll tell you how you crush short sellers. You do so well in the performance of
a company that the so-called short thesis that movie theaters are an 
anachronism, and are gonna die... that it just goes away, and so the way your 
beat them is to be strong, and the way to be strong: grow our revenues, grow our
profits, and above all else make sure we have cash in the bank, and when you 
vote to put the APEs and AMC common shares back together again that's gonna 
allow us to raise cash to put money in the bank to make sure we can stare anyone
in the eye, and say what do we say? We say, "choke on that." So, that's the 
state of play at AMC guys. Uhh... We were in great shape. We were the biggest, 
and best movie theater chain in the world, and then Covid came. We're still the
biggest, and best movie theater chain in the world, but Covid has knocked away
a lot of our revenues because the movies weren't being released, but finally
we're seeing big numbers in movies coming out. Our future is very bright, and
uh... and we wouldn't be in this position to make it for another day, or another
month, or another year if it weren't for all of you. 

I tweeted something just this morning, and like, probably many of you know that 
I'm active on Twitter. 'cause it's an opportunity for me t'a talk to you, and 
beleive it or not it's an opportunity for you to talk back. I I put out 6 tweets 
this morning... or today. Do you know how many replies I got today? 4,000 
individual replies t'a my tweets, and ya' know what I did before this... 
screening together tonight? I read all 4,000. It's abs-Ahh-E-um a lot of 'em, 
but it's easy to do 'cause they're like 200 and 80 characters. It's like 30 
words. That's Ess not a lot of... this is not a lot, ya' know, a lot of reading, 
but you kuh I can read... meuh my my little feeble mind and brain sometimes is 
weak, but I can read 30 words really carefully, and really quickly, and if I 
gotta do it 4,000 times so be it, and 'cause it gives me a chance to hear what 
you're thinking, (audience cheering) and and when I tweeted this morning which 
is straight from my heart... is... what... gives me energy everyday... what 
drives me every single day... is knowing that you're out there, knowing that I 
have this support, knowing that you love this company, you're rooting for this 
company, you're on our side, and I'm on your side, and yeah it's true I sold 
some stock in 2021 which I told people I was gonna do months, and months, and 
months, in advance. 

Um I was turning 68 years old in 2021, and I was tryin' to put my financial 
house in order. I did things like update my wills, set up trusts for my kids. 
Like I 'adn't done any of that stuff before, but it was time finally once-n-for 
all t'a acknowledge that I'm not 28 anymore, and like sometimes you gotta grow 
up and be an adult, but I haven't sold a share since January of 2022, and uhh I 
had millions of shares in this company... (audience) (inaudible) ...the largest 
individual investor in AMC. So make no mistake, if I had said I'm not selling 
any shares (mumbling) (inaudible) so make no mistake I believe in this company, 
I believe in its future, I get my energy from you, I've said, "I ride with you," 
and and... I mean it all, and with that as my little state of the union 
tonight... 

...here's wha' we're gonna do: Titanic is only the third highest grossing movie 
of all time. That's it. Just the third highest grossing movie of all time, and 
maybe the ship won't sink. I don't know yet. Um, and they're all rescued what a 
happy ending, but like it happened like 100 years ago so we sort'a know what 
should've happened. Anyway, we're gonna watch the movie together, after the 
movie's over for those of you who just wanna leave... out the door ya' go over
there, if ya' wanna stay and talk to me, take pictures, autographs, whatever you
want... I'll stay all night. I got nothin' to do, but you. I came to Phoenix for
you guys tonight, and with that, before I cue the movie I just wanna make one
thank you. Ya see some people standing in red over here. um this is... 
the bes... some of the management team at AMC Phoenix. Does a great dang team, 
an' I s specifically wanna call out one person in particular by name. Uhhh ta'
say thank you to Pete for his hard work, and that of the whole team (audience
shouting) (inaudible) ...has only been with AMC... for 45 years (audience 
shouting) (inaudible) ...and I think you have the highest seniority in the 
company. Yeah. So... (audience shouting) ...Pete's the man... (inaudible) 
(audience shouting) ...thank you for everything you've done for our company for 
half a century. Thanks to your team. Let's all enjoy James Camerons Titanic, all 
I'll see ya' after the movie's over. (audience shouting) (inaudible)
